Question 9:
A pointer is a variable that holds a memory address. This address is the location of another variable in memory.
Pointer declaration syntax <data type> *a.
Since pointer hold the address they are used in call by reference. 
Pointers, arrays and strings are closely related. For example in the program
Char str [100],*p1;
p1=str;
Here p1 has been set to the address of the first array element in str.
*(p1+4) or str [4] can be used to return the 5th element.
This is also applicable for integer arrays also.
Dynamic Memory Allocation can be defined as a procedure in which the size of a data structure is changed during the runtime.
ptr = (cast-type*) malloc(byte-size);
(i)An array is a collection of variables of the same type that are referred through a common name. 
   A pointer is a variable that holds memory address .
   This address is the location of another object in memory.
   There is a basic difference between a pointer and an array that is, an array is a collection
   of variables of similar data type whereas the pointer is a variable that stores the address of another variable.
(ii)Structure is a collection of variables referenced under one name. Arrays can have values of a 
    specific data type, but structures can have variables with any data type. 
    Array allocates static memory and uses index value for accessing its elements whereas a structure
    allocates dynamic memory and uses (.) operator to access its members.
(iii)Unions and structures are almost similar but they differ in terms of memory allocation. 
Each member of a structure has a separate memory whereas memory is shared between members of a union.
(iv) A macro is a name given to a block of C statements as a pre-processor directive.
     A function is a set of statements that together perform a task. Every c program contains at least one function.
    The main difference between a function and a macro is that a function is compiled whereas a macro is preprocessed. 
(v) A string is a sequence of characters treated as a single entity and is terminated by a null character (‘\0’).Whereas character array is a collection of characters without a null character in the end.

